Added Boardrun keyboard (#10479)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/boardrun/readme.md

# Boardrun

> ![Boardrun](https://i.imgur.com/Efo0ItK.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Boardrun](https://i.imgur.com/Efo0ItKl.jpg)
```

> The Boardrun is a family of ortholinear keyboards with columnar stagger, inspired by the Alice layout. The Classic is a 60% layout that uses Ergodox keycap sets for compatibility, whereas the Bizarre is a 65% layout that uses standard (staggered) keycap sets in an ortholinear arrangement.

Reviewer 2: When it states "family", and the layouts being quite different, is this actually 3 separate PCBs?

Author: It's one PCB that supports all of these layouts. Pretty cool.

Reviewer 3: this is incorrect. there is a classic pcb and a bizarre pcb.

Reviewer 4: I worked on this same board yesterday in parallel and have some alterations to suggest.  I haven't yet completed work on the Classic but should finish that today fairly quickly.

One major thing is that we really should have two subfolders, "classic" and "bizarre," for the two boards.  Though they are closely related, and shensmobile kept the pin-row-column matrix very similar between them, they are still two very different PCBs with their own sets of layout options.

Reviewer 4: Here's the branch with the changes described:
https://github.com/nopunin10did/qmk_firmware/tree/boardrun

Reviewer 3: #10934 has been created with more complete and accurate implementation of the two Boardrun PCBs.

> The Boardrun is an evolution of the Boardwalk layout. The Boardwalk proved that the Ergodox keycap set could be adapted to more keyboards that provided a more compact design and layout flexibility. While adaptation was a design goal of the Boardwalk layout, the Boardrun was designed to dstill and refine the best aspects of the current state of keyboard layouts, taking into account current trends in staggered design, the Ergodox keycap layout, and the Boardwalks most popular layouts. To that end, a columnar staggered, ortholinear layout with alpha rotation was settled on, using the "HHKB" layout from the Boardwalk. The result is two layouts that are comfortable, familiar, and have great compatibility with keysets.

Reviewer 5: Fixing typos.

```suggestion
The Boardrun is an evolution of the Boardwalk layout. The Boardwalk proved that the Ergodox keycap set could be adapted to more keyboards that provided a more compact design and layout flexibility. While adaptation was a design goal of the Boardwalk layout, the Boardrun was designed to distill and refine the best aspects of the current state of keyboard layouts, taking into account current trends in staggered design, the Ergodox keycap layout, and the Boardwalk's most popular layouts. To that end, a columnar staggered, ortholinear layout with alpha rotation was settled on, using the "HHKB" layout from the Boardwalk. The result is two layouts that are comfortable, familiar, and have great compatibility with keysets.
```
